Add entry for breaking change doc for 5.0 (#18542)
dotnet/docs: includes/core-changes/corefx/5.0/createcountersetinstance-throws-invalidoperation.md

### CounterSet.CreateCounterSetInstance now throws InvalidOperationException if instance already exist

> Starting in .NET Core 5.0, <xref:System.Diagnostics.PerformanceData.CounterSet.CreateCounterSetInstance>(string `instanceName`) throws <xref:System.InvalidOperationException> instead of <xref:System.ArgumentException> if user attempt to create already existing instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in .NET 5.0, <xref:System.Diagnostics.PerformanceData.CounterSet.CreateCounterSetInstance(System.String)?displayProperty=nameWithType> throws an <xref:System.InvalidOperationException> instead of an <xref:System.ArgumentException> if the counter set already exists.
```

#### Change description

> In .NET Framework and versions of .NET Core prior to 5.0, you could create an instance of the counter set by calling <xref:System.Diagnostics.PerformanceData.CounterSet.CreateCounterSetInstance>. However, if counter set already exist it would throw ArgumentException exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In .NET Framework and .NET Core 1.0 to 3.1, you can create an instance of the counter set by calling <xref:System.Diagnostics.PerformanceData.CounterSet.CreateCounterSetInstance>. However, if the counter set already exists, the method throws an <xref:System.ArgumentException> exception.
```

> In .NET Core 5.0 and later versions, when you call <xref:System.Diagnostics.PerformanceData.CounterSet.CreateCounterSetInstance> and if the counter set exist then <xref:System.InvalidOperationException> would be thrown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In .NET 5.0 and later versions, when you call <xref:System.Diagnostics.PerformanceData.CounterSet.CreateCounterSetInstance> and the counter set exists, an <xref:System.InvalidOperationException> exception is thrown.
```

#### Version introduced

5.0 Preview 5

#### Recommended action

> Catching ArgumentException is not recommended, but if you are catching <xref:System.ArgumentException> in your app, you might want to consider also catching <xref:System.InvalidOperationException>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you catch <xref:System.ArgumentException> exceptions in your app, consider also catching <xref:System.InvalidOperationException> exceptions.

> [!NOTE]
> Catching <xref:System.ArgumentException> exceptions is not recommended.
```

#### Category

Core .NET libraries

#### Affected APIs

> - <xref:System.Diagnostics.PerformanceData.CounterSet.CreateCounterSetInstance>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <xref:System.Diagnostics.PerformanceData.CounterSet.CreateCounterSetInstance%2A?displayProperty=fullName>
```

> ### CounterSet.CreateCounterSetInstance now throws InvalidOperationException if instance already exist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### CounterSet.CreateCounterSetInstance now throws InvalidOperationException if instance already exists
```

Starting in .NET 5.0, <xref:System.Diagnostics.PerformanceData.CounterSet.CreateCounterSetInstance(System.String)?displayProperty=nameWithType> throws an <xref:System.InvalidOperationException> instead of an <xref:System.ArgumentException> if the counter set already exists.

#### Change description

> In .NET Framework and .NET Core 1.0 to 3.1, you can create an instance of the counter set by calling <xref:System.Diagnostics.PerformanceData.CounterSet.CreateCounterSetInstance>. However, if the counter set already exists, the method throws an <xref:System.ArgumentException> exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In .NET Framework and .NET Core 1.0 to 3.1, you can create an instance of the counter set by calling <xref:System.Diagnostics.PerformanceData.CounterSet.CreateCounterSetInstance%2A>. However, if the counter set already exists, the method throws an <xref:System.ArgumentException> exception.
```

> In .NET 5.0 and later versions, when you call <xref:System.Diagnostics.PerformanceData.CounterSet.CreateCounterSetInstance> and the counter set exists, an <xref:System.InvalidOperationException> exception is thrown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In .NET 5.0 and later versions, when you call <xref:System.Diagnostics.PerformanceData.CounterSet.CreateCounterSetInstance%2A> and the counter set exists, an <xref:System.InvalidOperationException> exception is thrown.
```

#### Version introduced

5.0 Preview 5

#### Recommended action

> If you catch <xref:System.ArgumentException> exceptions in your app, consider also catching <xref:System.InvalidOperationException> exceptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you catch <xref:System.ArgumentException> exceptions in your app when calling <xref:System.Diagnostics.PerformanceData.CounterSet.CreateCounterSetInstance%2A>, consider also catching <xref:System.InvalidOperationException> exceptions.
```
